[elevator music playing]
[announcer] Warning.
Watching this program is mandatory.
Every offender will get a 500-credit fine.
[intense trailer music playing]
[narrator] They came
from another dimension
to create chaos in our own.
But one of them wanted more.
Hi!
Welcome to The Rayman Show!
[TV producer] Look, kid.
Nobody wants to see a monster on TV.
Maybe because I'm different,
I can make a difference.
[narrator] Watch the rise and struggles
of Eden's most beloved icon.
[Rayman] I just wanna entertain people.
To give them hope! To give them dreams!
[narrator] Rayman is Rayman,
in The Ray of Hope, a Rayman story.
Available on all
of Eden's devices this Friday.
- [muffled banging]
- [muffled moaning]
[announcer] Warning.
This screening is mandatory.
Every offender will get a 500-credit fine.
[footsteps approach]
Excuse me, Dom. Would you like some tea?
[guns clicking]
Pagan-fucking-Min!
How long is this disrespect gonna last?
I've been waiting here for 40 minutes!
[Pagan Min] Dom! Dominique, my friend.
I am so sorry.
I know we had a meeting, but I...
hmm, I totally lost track of time.
How was your flight?
You're late.
Come on, Dom. You know how it is.
Yeah, I know you'd rather
get your ass spanked than talk business.
[chuckles] Yes, I do like
a good spanking. [laughs]
- You think this is funny?
- Here we go.
I've lost three good men
to get this piece of junk for you!
[Pagan] Well, clearly not good enough!
[menacing music playing]
All right, all right.
That was uncalled for,
and I'm sorry about your men.
Can we talk business now?
- [fingers snap]
- This should turn your frown upside down.
[Dom] Here's your toy.
Nice. Worth all the trouble.
Dom, it's always a pleasure
doing business with you.
[Dom] Go fuck yourself.
[menacing music continues]
[Dom gasps]
[groans]
[breathing shakily]
- [groans]
- [body thuds]
[breathing shakily]
[Dom groans]
Min!
You... can't... do this.
- [whimpering]
- [Gator growls lowly]
- [Dom] No!
- [flesh ripping]
[Dom screams]
[music ends]
[theme music playing]
[club music playing]
- [music continues, muffled]
- [door opens, closes]
[lighter clinks, flicking]
- [bottle clinks]
- [feet shuffle]
Don't move.
Empty your fucking pockets.
Give me everything.
Well, that's not something
you see every day.
I said--
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, there. Easy, easy.
Whoa, dude, you look like shit.
Tell me, what's your name? [echoing]
[Warden] Dolph Laserhawk.
This is a mission briefing,
and I need your undivided attention.
So stop daydreaming.
- [Dolph grumbles]
- [Warden] Good. Once again then.
This is the Golden Super-Scope,
a device of massive power
that can open a portal
to another dimension.
It was stolen from one
of Eden's research labs.
We believe it's now in the possession
of the triad's kingpin, Pagan Min.
That guy.
I've been trying to expose him for years.
He is one crazy motherfucker.
Precisely.
Pagan Min is your
run-of-the-mill mob boss.
He likes violence
and long walks on the beach.
But above all, he likes control
and doesn't hesitate using
the cheapest, dirtiest tricks to keep it.
You mean, like,
planting bombs inside people's heads?
[both laughing]
Right.
So, your mission
is to infiltrate Pagan Min's fortress,
deactivate the security,
take care of his guards,
and make your way
to his private quarters to the top.
Min's pagoda is the city's
biggest underground gambling scene.
Clandestine fights,
hookers, drugs, you name it.
The whole thing is heavily guarded.
So, Pey'j,
you are an up-and-coming wrestler
with his femme fatale agent.
I don't do femme fatale.
- [Warden] Now you do.
- What? Come on!
[Warden] Bullfrog,
you go through the sewers.
Oh, yes! So I can murder him.
- [Warden] No. Pagan must live.
- Aw.
[Warden] You don't touch Pagan Min.
Once you guys take care of security,
it's your turn, Laserhawk.
Locate the scope's signature in the lobby,
put the replica in its place,
boom. A simple in and out.
Now go. And remember...
You are ghosts. You don't exist.
This is Jade, reporting
from a Supermaxx cell.
Day four.
The cybernetic woman known as the Warden
is forcing us to operate her dirty deeds.
A death sentence looming
from literally inside our heads.
- Hey! Hey! Coucou! [laughs]
- [gasps] Bullfrog!
This is the Super-Scope replica
we will have to swap
with the original one in Min's pagoda.
Laserhawk,
how do you feel about this mission?
- [Dolph grumbles]
- [Jade] Okay. No comment then.
Well, as an assassin, I think
it will be easier to kill Pagan Min
and then steal the Super-Scope.
But when the boss is saying
you don't assassin, we don't assassin--
[Jade groans] Okay.
Hey, Pey'j!
Are you done in there? Pey'j?
[Pey'j] You're gonna make fun of me.
[Jade] I swear
we won't make fun of you. Right?
Uh... Yes. Promis juré.
- [Jade] Right, Laserhawk?
- [Dolph] I don't care.
[Jade] Of course he doesn't care.
Come on, you. Get out.
[Pey'j] Oh, okay.
Wow. Ah ouais, quand même.
[Pey'j] I know next to nothing
about wrestling.
Why do I have to humiliate myself
like this?
Well, because I can't do it,
she can't do it, and he won't do it.
And the guy who was supposed to do it
is very, very dead.
Oh, that poor Cody Rhodes dude.
What an ugly mess.
Guys, do me a favor.
If the Warden blows my head off,
please look away. [chuckles]
[Pey'j] Hey, that's not funny.
What? I mean, let's face it.
Between Pagan Min
and Miss Maniac out there,
our chances of survival are kinda slim.
[Pey'j] Don't you say that again!
I made a promise on your parents' grave
that I would protect you
no matter what. And I will!
[Jade] Hey, hey, hey.
All right. Calm down.
You've always been there for me, Pey'j.
I know that. Okay?
[Pey'j sighs]
And you're right.
We've been in stickier situations before.
We will get through this. Together.
[Pey'j sighs] Yeah. Together.
Ghosts, you're taking off in five.
Jade, where's your outfit?
My outfit...
Oh yeah. I was thinking
I could go dressed like this.
You're not here to think, Jade.
You're here to follow orders.
So I won't say it again.
Shut up and suit up.
[crowd chattering]
I don't do femme fatale.
I mean, I can pull off a lot of things,
but femme fatale? Fuck no.
[Pey'j] Um... Well, I think you look good.
Yeah, sure.
- [Pey'j] Um, Jade?
- [Jade] Mmm?
[Pey'j] I'm really sorry
about what happened back there.
I-I think I just snapped
because of the whole
bomb-in-our-heads thing and...
I don't know.
Oh, come on. It's all right.
We've got a lot of reasons to be on edge.
[Pey'j] Yeah. Yeah, sure.
But, uh... made me think.
- Hmm? About what?
- [Pey'j sighs]
[clicks tongue] I think...
- I've got feelings for you.
- [Jade stammers]
What? No.
Oh. No! No, no! Oh, no, no, no!
I mean, you're my uncle.
Not really my uncle, but still.
- I mean, you? You? [stammers]
- [door, muffled] Guys! You're up!
Ah, shit!
Okay. Uh... Let's get on with the mission.
[rock music playing]
[Jade sighs]
- [earpiece ringing]
- Um... Hello?
- Jade, you don't have to say hello.
- Oh. Okay.
So, are you guys in position?
Uh, yeah. I guess.
So now use your talent to get us
a key card to the first security booth.
Can you do that?
My talent. Okay.
I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Oh shit!
[clears throat]
Hey!
[game voice] Seduce him.
[retro game music playing]
[Jade, thinking]
Hmm... Fuck. I don't know.
This?
[speaking]
[crowd gasps]
[Tiger groans]
[speaking]
[Jade, thinking] Oh. Um... Uh...
Ugh. Whatever.
[speaking]
- [Tiger] Sure. There you go.
- [anime voice] Wow!
[Jade]
[Tiger]
[crowd boos]
[Jade, thinking] I think that's, um... Okay.
[speaking]
- ...I guess?
- [music stops]
[Jade groans]
[crowd gasps]
[visitors chattering]
I'll show you some talent.
- [grunts]
- [Tiger grunts, groans]
Whoa! Honey! I think you've had enough.
[elevator dings]
- I'm in.
- [Warden] Okay, perfect.
The security booth should be at the end
of this corridor, on the left. Stay alert.
[Jade] Yeah, yeah. Got it.
I just hope the security card
will be enough to get--
[grunts, gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[Jade breathing shakily]
I was just looking for the bath...
[music stops]
[footsteps departing]
[Jade] Okay. Thanks.
[scanner chimes]
[funky acid jazz music playing]
Warden? I'm isolating the first floor
from the rest of the building.
[Warden] Good. Bullfrog, you're up.
[Bullfrog grunting]
[grunts] Let's see.
[Tiger gurgles]
[music continues]
[Tiger gurgling]
- [electronic voice] Alarm.
- What the hell is this?
- Someone deactivated the signal.
- Alarm.
- [gurgles]
[Bullfrog grunting]
Okay, done. Get ready.
I'm opening the hatch.
[Warden] Laserhawk, it's your turn.
It's about damn time.
[music continues]
[music ends]
I'm in.
- [scanner beeps]
- [Dolph] Got it.
Now, nice and easy.
You replace the Super-Scope
with the replica, and you're out.
[Dolph] Hmm. [sniffs]
[uneasy music plays]
[Dolph] No.
[breathing shakily]
Laserhawk? Laserhawk,
what the hell are you doing?
You stay on target.
I repeat, you stay on target!
[intense darksynth music playing]
Alex!
Laserhawk, don't!
- [Dolph yells]
- [fingers snap]
[screaming]
[music ends]
[Dolph groaning]
[Pagan] Well, well, well.
What have we here?
[chuckles] Correct me if I'm wrong, Alex,
but isn't your crazy ex-girlfriend
supposed to be dead?
[sighs] Yes. He should be dead.
[Warden] For God's sake.
Remaining Ghosts, abort mission.
Abort mission right now.
- Um, yeah. About that.
- [gun clicks]
- [Pey'j] Uh...
- [Bullfrog chuckling]
[Warden groans] Great.
[menacing music playing]
I pride myself on being
a well-mannered man,
but this week,
I've been cock-blocked twice.
So, it'll be the bare minimum
of courtesy to tell me why--
No, no, no. Fuck that. Who?
Who sent you to steal my shit?
[menacing music continues]
[Dolph chuckling]
What was that, pretty boy?
Did I say something funny?
Alex, I thought that being
a backstabbing bastard was bad enough,
but I never expected you to stoop so low.
[menacing music continues]
[Pagan laughs]
You know what? You're right.
He's really got the attitude.
Alex told me everything
about you, you know?
How you used to mob people
outside of gay bars in MegaCity 4,
and the ashamed, closeted, little queer,
lying to himself and the world around him.
Please, go ahead.
I'd rather be dead than have to look
at your face for one more minute.
[Pagan chuckles]
Hmm...
Nah.
[Jade gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[Pey'j] Jade? Jade!
No. Talk to me, baby.
- Talk to me, Jade!
- [Jade breathing shakily]
[Pey'j gasps, breathing shakily]
[Pagan] Ah!
To kill someone that wants to die,
where's the fun in that?
Am I right?
I will rip your fucking heart out.
Oh, come on. You know you won't, honey.
So, where was I? Ah, yes.
Who the fuck sent you, please?
[Dolph] Warden.
[Pagan] Huh?
Jade's bomb. Do it.
What? No!
[Dolph] Did you hear me?
Blow her fucking head off!
[gasps] What the fuck is this shit?
["Turbo Killer" by Carpenter Brut playing]
[Pey'j grunts]
- [Pagan screams]
- [Pey'j roars]
[Pagan] Take that, motherfuckers!
[Pey'j grunts]
- [cannon fires]
- [Tigers groaning]
[music continues]
Guards! Do your fucking job
and stop these assholes!
[Pey'j grunts]
- [Tigers groaning]
- [gunfire]
[blades slashing]
[Tigers groaning]
[Pagan screaming]
- [groans]
- [gun thuds]
[groans]
Baby! Baby, I'm hit! Help me!
Help me, baby! Please!
[whimpering]
[music continues]
[Dolph panting]
Alex!
[Alex grunts]
[grunts]
[music ends]
[Dolph breathing heavily]
[sighs]
[Pagan groaning]
Alex, why?
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[sighs] You piece of shit.
No. No way.
Pey'j, remember what I said?
Pagan Min must live.
Can you do at least one thing right
in this mission?!
I don't care if it's the last thing
I ever do. He will pay.
Brother, please calm down.
Vengeance is not the way.
[Pey'j roars]
[grunts]
Let me go, frog!
[grunting] I do this for your own good.
[Dolph] Let him go.
Huh?
[Warden] Laserhawk!
This is your last warning!
- If you--
- What are you gonna do?
Kill us all?
Frog.
Let him go.
[despairing darksynth music playing]
[Pagan whimpering]
No!
No. Please don't!
Don't! [screams]
[groaning, whimpering]
- [wall banging]
- [Pagan groaning, gurgling]
[music continues]
[Pey'j breathing heavily]
[footsteps departing]
[music continues]
[music fading]
Are you sure you guys wanna do this?
Oh, most definitely.
...sir.
Good.
Because I'm not offering you
money, glamour, or fame.
You are here because you've had enough
of being treated like shit
because of your social status,
your gender, or your breed.
You are here because you are tired
of being used either by Eden
or a self-indulgent,
narcissistic little prick.
You are here
because you want this world to change.
Well, guess what?
This world won't change
until it's burned to the ground first.
- That's what I'm offering you.
- [Super-Scope clatters]
[Alex] Chaos.
[darksynth music continues]
[Rabbids roaring]
[thunder rumbling]
[music continues]
[music fades]